To delete data that are already in the database.
We use the Eskew L. delete statement.
We start a delete statement in esky well with they delete from key words followed by the name of the
table that contains the red cards we want to delete.
Then we optionally add a weather condition to only delete records that match this condition.
This condition is specified in the same way we add conditions to select or update statement.
Let's give this a try.
These other current mercado's in our articles table.
Let's delete the article rijkaard with an idea of eight.
One roll was affected and there we can see the rijkaard has been deleted.
Dont forget as with this select and insert statements any columns that you use in the WHERE clause should
have an index.
Otherwise they could take a longer time to execute.
As with the update statement.
If you don't include where clase every single row in the table will be deleted.
So unless you actually want to do this make sure you always include aware class to only delete the cards
that you want to delete.